Hey, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I have my sweetheart with me today.
She's behind the camera.
She helps me pray when I pray.
I said I miss her when she's not in here because I can feel her.
We tug along together after being married for as long as we have.
I just know, and it's a blessing when she's here.
You know, yesterday was a heavy word.
There were a lot of things when we were driving around, and the Lord was showing me so much that seemed to be a real Debbie Downer.
I mean, after it was over, I said, "Lord, that was heavy.
" And I was carrying it.
I told Braden when he was editing the video, I said, "My goodness, I hope I didn't come across cranky.
" And he goes, "A little bit.
" And I said, "Well, when I'm carrying something so heavy, I might come across kind of cranky, and I don't mean to, ladies and gentlemen.
I want you to understand, I'm passionate about what the Lord shows me.
I'm passionate about it.
I believe in it, and I know what the Lord is trying to warn His people about.
I have such an urgency, and that urgency and the heaviness of what I have seen—because when you're seeing it, I describe it to you, but I've seen it literally, people falling down dead, things happening—it grieves you.
It's heavy.
And so I think sometimes the urgency of what I feel in my spirit comes across as cranky, and I apologize if it did, but I want you to understand it is very urgent.
And I'm trying to get across that you need to listen.
You know, I called my elders like Sister Billye yesterday, and I told her, "This is what I'm seeing, and this is what the Lord's warning about, and I'm seeing these ministers die on the platform, and I want you to judge the words as an elder.
I want you to listen to what I'm going to say.
And if it doesn't line up in your spirit, if you feel that it's off too...
" Because I don't want to be somebody leading people by the hundreds of thousands, millions of people on a weekly basis, that comes across as flaky.
But as an elder that's been in the faith preaching and teaching people about Jesus for 80-some years plus, I just want you to listen to this and let your spirit hear it.
And she goes, "You know, Brandon, I'll judge the words, and I'll pray over them.
" And I appreciate somebody who has been in the Word for so long.
I mean, she's my elder.
And she prayed with me, she prayed for me, and just really uplifted me.
We had a great conversation.
And I want to tell you all, it's a real blessing to have somebody like that.
I never take it for granted.
It's a true blessing to be able to talk to somebody who is a seasoned minister that teaches about end times, teaches about prayer, teaches about eschatology, all the great stuff, and is accurate about things.
And I give God praise for that opportunity to be able to talk to somebody that's not flaky, you know, that was around Brother Hagin, that was around John G.
Lake's daughter and all the greats.
I mean, seriously, it's amazing.
So that being said, this is her praying over it and telling me basically she feels I'm on the right road.
And she asked me, "What do you feel about the mega preacher that you saw being shot on the stage?
There were two preachers, and they were trying to bring fear for people not wanting to go into the revival.
" And instantaneously, I said the Lord said, "Pray for this man that it does not take place.
" Now, the exposing of the church in California, we pray for the church in California.
But the bottom line is that God told me, "Brandon, judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And I'm cleaning up My church right now.
And many ministers that you see behind pulpits in the days ahead will not be there.
I'm raising up new Davids, new voices with different influence in these end times because the time is short.
" He said, "I'm going to pour out...
this is a different mantle that we've never seen before.
" Like we've seen the John G.
Lakes, the Oral Roberts, and the Jack Coe's.
But the Lord showed me, He said, "Brandon, we're going to see a new era of creative miracles that the world has never seen before.
" Remember what I told you?
I saw the chariots of fire all lined up in heaven, and they were all waiting for this great tidal wave that was coming on the earth.
A massive tsunami wave of the glory of the Lord was coming on the earth.
And I saw chariots of fire with packages all on the back of those chariots of fire.
And the Lord told me, He said, "During the Christmas time, I'm delivering those giftings into 2025 on the people who would receive them.
" Those chariots of fire were all around, and I could see them, and the packages were being delivered, and those are end-time giftings, and mantles were being delivered to the people.
It was a vision.
But some of the gifts were not able to be delivered because the people weren't ready for them, and the chariot of fire went back up.
That was a sad time.
I was thinking, "Oh goodness, but I wanted just to receive mine.
" Do you understand?
And there were literally thousands of chariots, and they were all bringing the giftings.
And the Lord told me, He said, "This is for the end times, Brandon.
" So those giftings are there, and that's what we're about to see: things and creative miracles that we've never seen before.
What happened in the tent revival of old and the great things Oral Roberts and all of them did, that's the old things.
And the Lord said, "They barely touched a glass full of what I'm wanting to do in this end-time move.
" And I saw a great well in Oral Roberts University.
I saw a massive well, and everybody like Kenneth Hagin and these men of God were taking a cup and they were drinking out of that well.
And He said, "This next generation, this last generation, this last push will go, and they'll dip their whole body in it.
They're not just going to get a cup, Brandon.
I'm going to take them to the deep parts of that well.
For what's about to take place has never been seen before.
" We're all excited about the glory cloud, and we get excited about what we heard happened at Azusa Street.
But the Lord said to me, "That's old things, Brandon.
Behold, I'm going to do something new, something that you've never seen before.
" He's multifaceted, ladies and gentlemen.
We have not seen all the splendor of what God has for us.
We've only seen little glimpses of what He's allowed for that season.
"Think bigger," is what the Lord told me to tell you all today.
Think bigger.
You need to believe for bigger.
What is it to you when I told you the scripture that when Moses had so much overflow, and I had my wife read it, about so much overflow that Moses said there's not enough room in the storehouse to take any more blessing?
There's too much.
We can't receive it all.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, it's a type and shadow of what I'm going to do for you in these last days for My remnant.
That it'll be too much.
There's not room enough to receive it all.
" But not only that, they left healed, and there wasn't a feeble one among them.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, if I did it for the children of Israel leaving Egypt, I'll do it for My bride that's leaving this earth.
" Do you understand what I'm about to do in this earth?
In this last generation, there will be no feeble among you.
Do you understand?
There's not going to be any sick people.
You will have to resist healing: "I don't want to be healed, Lord.
" He said, "I'm going to pour it out upon all flesh, Brandon, if you just believe me for it.
With simple faith, what seemed to be the impossible will become possible if you just believe him for it.
So, I'm here to tell you today, yes, there's a great shaking.
But people say, 'How can these things be, Brandon, if you're telling us all these dark things are coming and all this disruption and all the social unrest and all the sad days, the plague and all this stuff?
' He said, 'Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on you, ladies and gentlemen.
' And he said, 'Brandon, it will be like a quarter.
' I've told you this so many times.
He said, 'It will be like a quarter.
It'll be that thin.
You can either look on the dark, for the dark will get darker, but the light is going to be on the other side, and the light will be lighter and lighter.
It'll be so dark in the world, Brandon, just like it was in Egypt.
It'll be so dark, it'll be tangible.
Do you understand?
That's what I'm trying to say.
It'll be tangible darkness like it was in Egypt.
But just across the street, there was glory and there was light on God's people.
' The Lord said to me, he said, "Brandon, that's how much it's going to be like now—a type and shadow again of great darkness on the earth, and it will be tangible.
You're going to turn on the news and you're going to go, 'Oh my gosh, the sky is falling, Chicken Little!
' Or you can look at what's going on in the church and say, 'Whoa, the glory's happening, Jesus!
' Do you understand?
It will be that thin of a line.
You can either go vertical or you can go horizontal.
" And I said, "If you keep your eyes on what's going on in the news every day for what's coming, ladies and gentlemen, men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
" And people are going to be freaked out with the volcanoes, the earthquakes, the war, the rumors of war.
Or you can focus on the brush arbor churches, you can focus on the limbs growing out and people getting delivered and healed and baptized in the Holy Ghost and the fire and deliverance.
He told me, he said, 'The glory of the Lord is coming on people so much so that it will be like Moses, that the glory will shine on their faces.
' I've seen certain ministers preaching and the glory, the Shekinah glory was radiating on their faces, and they were changed from glory to glory.
That's why I tried to tell you all to sing that song all the time: 'From glory to glory, he's changing us.
' It's a change from the inside out.
And he told me, he said, "Brandon, I'm going to show up on people's faces.
You'll speak to your hand and manifestations will come like Elijah and Elisha.
" Do you understand?
If they did it in the past, I'm going to do it in the future with greater works.
The raven came and fed them.
Think about what they had and what he did for them: the cloud the size of a man's hand, and then the sound of abundance of rain.
"Can these bones live?
" He says, "Brandon, can these bones live?
" I said, "Yes, Father, they're spiritually dead.
" People go, "Was that physically dead?
" I believe both.
Why not?
Why not believe that the dead's going to rise?
Why not believe that—I mean, that's the major miracle that we're wanting to see, folks.
I'm hearing about it.
It happens overseas, but have we seen it in America?
Not very often, if at all.
It might happen every once in a while and the news gets all over: 'This guy was dead for eight hours and he came back,' like this guy right here.
It's going to happen all the time.
Why can't it be the status quo?
Why can't it be the norm to raise the dead?
Why does it have to be the abnormal that we never hear about it?
We never see people's arms growing out and legs growing out and eyes coming back when they don't have any eyes.
The things that seem impossible should be the norm.
It shouldn't be abnormal to see people healed.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And that's what I've tried to tell...
I go over it and over and I said, "What are we missing?
" You become sick.
He says, "By his stripes ye are healed.
" It's already done.
It shouldn't be abnormal.
Well, we saw one get healed of, you know, she stubbed her toe and she was able to walk out.
I want something that's so that no man can take and say that it wasn't God—somebody getting up from the dead.
Nobody's going to be able to say, "Well, Brother Brandon had the anointing.
" No, God gets all the glory every time.
It should be that way.
He is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
And aren't you ready to see that?
And that's what I'm praying over.
And that's why I say this is the positive side of it.
I tell you the negative side and I try to come back with the reinforcements of telling you the positive side and say there's hope.
Jesus has a plan and he wants to do something huge in every one of your lives.
But it's time for us to walk in holiness and repentance and come back to the Father's heart.
What's on the Father's heart?
Being excited about what God's called us to do in these last days.
So I want you to hear this prophetic word by Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin from the 1980s.
And this is an end-time vision that he had about what's coming.
And this was back 40 years ago.
So here's Diana and she's going to read this to you.
She's been behind the camera.
She said, "I'm embarrassed because I don't have my hair done.
" She had a baseball cap on today.
I said, "I don't care, baby.
You look good all the time.
" "Thank you.
" "Okay.
Flowing in the supernatural.
" This is by Kenneth E.
Hagin from 1980.
"You are right on the verge—this is the prophecy through him—you are right on the verge, right on the verge of the greatest move and manifestation of the Spirit of God that this world has ever seen.
You're right on the edge of it, like standing on the creek bank about to jump in.
And if you'll give the more earnest heed unto things which you have heard—not only those things that you've heard about faith and those things that you've heard about healing, but also those things which you have heard about the Holy Spirit and the things that you've heard about angels and the things that you've heard about divine visitation.
For remember that it was prophesied of Joel of old that, 'In the last days, saith the Lord, I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams, and upon my handmaidens will I pour out my Spirit, and they will prophesy.
' Oh, thank you, Lord.
So, not only will it be that the young men will prophesy, but the young women will prophesy.
And the anointing and the outflow of the Spirit of God shall be great and amazing in those days.
For there shall be a visitation of angels, manifestations of angels.
Expect it.
Now, we don't worship angels, but they are ministering spirits sent forth to the heirs of salvation.
So, God's going to bring them to help us.
And he already told me it'll be two per unsaved person on the earth, to bring forth a...
so that they'll be able to think clearly to make a decision without demonic influence.
Hallelujah.
Even whatever he said when the Lord told us, Diana, he said, 'You'll start walking in places and the glory of the Lord is on your family, and devils will start to manifest around you and you'll cast the devil out of them.
' Yes.
Praise God.
It's time to walk in it.
Yes.
Be not afraid, but yet take heed even in these areas, for Satan himself has at times come as an angel of light.
But examine things in the light of Scriptures and walk in the light of the Word of God.
And sometimes the angel will give you direction, even in your finances, and direction that would save your life.
" Okay.
So, what was that?
Read that again.
I don't remember that.
And sometimes the angel will give you direction, even in your finances, and the direction that would save your life, as in the case of the shipwreck of Paul, and direction concerning ministry, as the salvation of Cornelius and his household, and Philip as the angel spoke to him to go down to Gaza and the Ethiopian was converted.
And so in these days there shall come a mighty manifestation of the Spirit.
And the work that God intended should be done in these last days shall be accomplished.
For the time is short and things must be speeded up.
And you'll learn much faster spiritual things than those of yesteryear.
And you'll develop much faster.
And it'll be said of some that they just virtually matured overnight.
And they shall go forth and speak in the name of the Lord because they understood the principle of faith.
They'll understand the principles of the kingdom.
And so I want to pause right there.
So what he just said was, they'll mature overnight.
So God is going to do a quick work.
What would take years for you to learn, you're going to get supernaturally.
Yeah.
So don't sit there and go, 'Well, I'm disqualified because I just got born again yesterday.
' People are going to mature overnight.
That's a prophetic word.
We're going to believe that.
Yes.
It's time for all hands on deck.
He said, 'I'm looking for those that would just say yes.
' So, keep going, love.
They'll understand the principles of the kingdom and they'll understand the laws of God and they'll operate and minister in that area and nothing will be hid from them.
And though there are some who stand here now and have operated in a measure in these areas in times past, and because they've let these things slip, they themselves in ministry and in life have slipped, and they shall be restored.
Yea, they shall even be restored this night.
And the manifestation shall come, and the glory of the Lord shall rest upon it, and rest upon thee, and his glory shall be seen round about, and the cloud of God will come and fill the house.
And yea, it will seem as though the whole building is filled with smoke, because you see, the glory of God shall be in manifestation, and great shall be the noise thereof, and praise and adoration that shall go up from his people, and it shall be noised abroad, and men from afar shall see it, and men from afar shall hear of it, and men from afar shall come to behold it.
For the Lord shall be in manifestation in those days, in all ways that he ever manifested himself, both in the old covenant and in the new covenant, plus the multiplying of the Spirit in the power of God of these days.
Praise God.
Just like you said, just like you were saying, it's time.
Yes, it's going to be glorious.
So, that's not all doom and gloom, is it?
No.
That sounds good.
That sounds like good stuff, huh?
Don't it?
But I have to tell you both sides.
I have to tell you both sides.
So that's what the Lord said, 'Tell them the good stuff today, Brandon.
Tell them what's coming, the shaking of the end times of what's coming, but tell them about the glory, son.
You got to focus on both.
Focus on the other side of the quarter today, Brandon.
' I said, 'I'll do it, Father.
' That's my favorite side.
I'm like, I don't want to give the other side, Father, but I do it.
But I'm like, this is exciting.
Let's get it.
It's exciting.
Don't you get excited about it?
What an exciting time to be alive!
Yes.
I'm telling you, we're going to see this.
It's going to happen.
I believe we could even see the first fruits of it this year.
I'm believing for it.
I'm expecting.
Be expecting.
Yeah.
For as men grow more wicked and more wicked, and as Satan, because he knows his time is short, and all of his courts and evil spirits go about as never before to devour, so the power of God, the glory of God shall be increased and shall be multiplied, and it will flow like a mighty river.
Flow like a mighty river.
Yea, the Spirit of God will flow like a mighty river.
And many, not only hundreds, not only thousands, but millions will be swept into the flow of that river and shall flow forth in praise and glory.
For the glory of the Lord is in manifestation.
The glory of the Lord will be seen on the face of the saints.
The glory of...
right there.
Yeah, I didn't know he said that.
Yeah.
So the glory of the Lord on the saints?
That's what I saw in the spirit yesterday.
I saw, in fact, I saw Billy Burke and the Lord said the glory is going to be on their faces when he's ministering, and you're going to see this on the countenances of ministers.
And the Holy Spirit just brought this to my remembrance and I was like, we need to read this.
Hallelujah, Diana.
Thank you for hearing the voice of the Lord.
The glory of God shall shine forth until men will walk into a place of business and people will fall on their knees and cry out to God, though he said nothing.
This is what I saw in the hotels in Vegas.
Wow!
I said they will crawl.
They won't even know what's going on.
The weight of the presence of the Lord, Diana, I said, will knock them out of their casinos.
And I saw the prostitutes and everybody crawling on the floors because they couldn't figure out what was going on with them and they were weeping before the Lord, and the Crips and the Bloods and the bikers.
Remember?
Yes, Diana.
I didn't know this is amazing, Diana.
Good find.
I just vaguely remembered this one part and that's how I search.
Keep going, I'm sorry.
I just get so excited.
Okay.
The glory of God shall shine forth until men will walk into a place of business and people will fall on their knees and cry out to God, though he said nothing.
And women will walk into a place of business, and people will fall on their knees and cry out to God, though she opened not her mouth.
Thank you, Father.
For the glory of God will shine through.
Yea, the glory of God will shine through.
For the manifestation of his power and the manifestation of his glory is reserved until this hour.
And if it could be told, if it could be told in a way that you could see it, even with the eyes of your spirit, if it could be displayed at this moment before you in a tangible form, that you could see it with your physical eye, it would be very difficult for you to believe that which shall shortly come to pass.
It would be very difficult for you to accept it.
But as you walk with the Lord, as you prepare your heart, as you feed upon his word, as you listen to what the Spirit of God says, your heart shall be prepared and your mind will be changed until you will flow in the supernatural as naturally as a bird flies through the air.
Yeah, that's the part I remember.
And you'll flow in the supernatural as naturally as a fish will swim in the water.
Yes.
And you'll flow in the supernatural as naturally as you breathe the very air.
You'll not be conscious of your faith.
You'll not be conscious of what's going on around you, but rather you'll be conscious of the flow of the Spirit of God and he will manifest himself and he will accomplish that which he desires.
For you see, these are the last days and this is the end time.
And what is done must be done quickly and it will be done, and the hearts of many will be caused to rejoice.
So rejoice, rejoice, be glad and praise the Lord who prepared your hearts and let him prepare you for that which he has prepared for you.
And so walk in it.
You shall walk in it and you shall run and you shall fly, literally, spiritually speaking, and you shall enjoy the fullness of that which is provided for you.
Praise the Lord.
Isn't that awesome?
Diana, as a bird flies through the air and a fish swims in the water, remember when the Lord said it'll be as easy to tap into the spirit realm as taking a breath.
That's what he told me in intercessory prayer.
He said it would be as easy as tapping.
Sometimes it seems like we struggle so hard to get over into that when I'm praying.
I told Diana, "I want to get over there," and the Lord said, "Go.
" Even when we were driving around, he said, "Brandon, it's going to be easy to tap into the prophetic to be able to hear.
" He said, "I'm going to teach you.
Just jump over in that river.
Just jump in there.
It's not a struggle to hear me.
Jump in the river to hear me.
" I sat there, and sometimes Megan can make noises and be a distraction, and I'll stop and think, "I don't want to ruin the flow," when I'm hearing.
Sometimes she's making noise, and I pause.
But the Lord said, "Just jump right back in the river, Brandon.
It's not hard, just jump in the river.
" And I said, "Okay, jump in the river.
" It's effortless when it comes to this and what I'm hearing, to take it like a breath of fresh air.
I'm going in, and I'm going to be able to flow with Him because He's going from glory to glory, He's changing me.
It's so exciting to believe for the raising of the dead.
Like I said, it should not be abnormal.
We're going to see this stuff as normal.
And that's what He said to me: "Brandon, you're going to have to resist it.
" "I don't want to be healed, Lord.
Resist it.
" Who is dumb enough to resist it?
I'm not resisting it; I'm taking it all in.
I receive, Lord, I receive.
I receive all that you have for me.
And we won't have to drive thousands of miles to go to a special meeting to get it.
You can get it right where you're sitting right now in your house.
You don't have to have a special healing minister, and you don't have to have me pray for you.
Receive what the Father has for you right where you are.
You have the same Holy Spirit inside of you as we have inside of us.
Why are so many people asking, "Will you please pray for me?
Will you please pray for me?
" Be confident in the ability that God is hearing you, that He hears you when you pray.
He said you would hear His voice, and a stranger's voice you would not follow.
But not only that, He said He hears His beloved.
He hears us when we pray.
And you go, "Well, I don't know, God doesn't answer my prayers.
" He will, too.
I believe it.
Do you believe it?
Oh, yes.
I'm telling y'all, it's just developing a relationship with the Father.
It's like that scripture says, "Ask and keep on asking.
Ask, and you shall receive.
Seek, and you shall find.
Knock, and the door will be opened unto you.
" Just keep on keeping on.
I think some people don't grow weary in well-doing.
But in this, it sounds to me like it was in Azusa.
Yeah, Azusa Street, where those people, I mean, the creative miracles, it's an open heaven.
That's what I'm hearing in my spirit.
It's an open heaven.
It's time for an open heaven.
It's exciting, asking the Father, and it will be done.
Thank you, Lord.
Not this stuff where we go, "Well, we prayed for the last 20 years and we still don't have the manifestation like what we're believing for, Megan making noises and stuff.
" It's time for living in an open heaven.
Do we go, ask, boom, the manifestation?
Ask, boom, the manifestation.
We're on our way out.
We're just passing through, but we're on our way out of here.
Jesus is coming.
Look at the signs of the fig tree.
Seriously, right now, I mean, Israel, look what's going on over there.
Earthquake, an earthquake in the middle of the war shaking Tel Aviv and all this stuff going on.
Major earthquakes and all this stuff going on over there.
And I'm thinking, folks, this is over the top, where you're seeing missiles falling and earthquakes happening.
I'm thinking, wow, birthing pains, but it's not just labor pains on a woman.
I mean, it's not just like this is full-blown contractions.
Labor is here, the baby is coming.
Get ready to push.
And there's a tangible excitement in the atmosphere in the spiritual realm.
People go, "Well, I heard one man say, I believe it's in the 2050s or whatever long, all these years, 200 years.
" Another woman said, "Folks, look around you.
We don't have 200 years left.
If we have 10 years left, I would be very shocked.
" I mean, seriously, Pastor Steve always talks about being at the next, after the next Shmita cycle, and some people say this next Shmita cycle.
But I mean, I don't want to pinpoint.
I'm just saying, Jesus, whenever You want to come, we'll be ready.
But when am I expecting it?
At the end of the next Shmita cycle, 2028.
That timeframe around there.
That's what I'm believing for right now.
That's my window.
He said, "I'm giving you a three-year window.
What are you going to do with it?
" That to me says that we're doing something.
What is He giving a three-year window for?
Trump?
I mean, folks, America, as much as I love America, the end times is not about America.
The end times is about the world, the globe, right?
It's about the church.
America just represents a fraction, a little bit of something.
But when He talks to us and tells us things, He says, "I'm giving you a window.
There are things to do, get the harvest in.
" He's talking about the world.
He's not wanting to just save America.
He's not going, "Well, you know, my favorite America, let's go and get them saved.
" Folks, He's talking about all of us—South Korea, North Korea, Japan, Asia altogether, Africa, Europe, South America.
He wants the Middle East.
He wants everyone to have a major move of God.
And He's talking, yeah, I live here, and He gives me words a lot about America because this is where my home is at, and He speaks a lot to me as a watchman about our nation.
But I know that He raises up nations in Asia, He raises up watchmen on all continents.
But I believe with all my heart, you know, people go, "Why do you not have a word ever for Singapore and all these other places?
" Because I'm not stationed there.
I don't know, this is just the territory the Lord's given me to pray over and do, and as a watchman, that's what I see a lot about.
He shows me a lot about other nations, but very seldom does He give me about the islands and stuff.
I don't know, it's just very interesting how the gift flows.
But I just want you to have an anticipation today, stirring yourself up, being excited that Jesus Christ is coming, and it's not doom and gloom for the body of Christ.
I know it may come across that way sometimes when I deliver these words, and it comes across heavy, and I know that.
But I deliver it, and I'm obedient to what He says.
But after that, He says, "Tell them something cool.
Tell them this over here, Brandon.
" And I'm like, I told Him, I said, "Thank you, Lord.
" Let's do something fun today.
You know, let's get excited that Jesus Christ is showing up and He's going to show off.
And I'm excited to see what happens with Israel.
Let's see what happens.
I'm expecting the Lord said, "I'm going to show up, and I'm going to show myself to this generation, Brandon, of the Jewish people, and they will know that there is a God.
" You know, to this generation, He's wooing His people, He's wooing His church.
So let me pray for you all today.
I'm so thankful that you all came today.
I hope this video encouraged you.
Let's believe God for your miracle today.
Father, I thank You that You're healing their bodies in the name of Jesus, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
Everything that they have need of, Father, You've already taken it and made it available.
By Your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And so, Father, I lift up every single believer on this broadcast right now that is watching this YouTube video.
And I call healing and wholeness and wellness.
Nothing is too big and nothing is too small.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've healed it all.
That it's already done.
We're not begging believers.
We're believing believers.
And we believe for the open window of heaven over our households right now in the name of Jesus.
And we call those things that be not as though they were.
And we call ourselves healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
That we are healed.
We are whole.
We are well.
And we are delivered from satanic bondage.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for healing, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory of God on every single person watching this video right now.
We call forth babies if they're believing for children.
We call forth healings over their wombs.
We call healing over their bodies right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, for supernatural touches on them from everything the devil meant for bad.
God, you're going to turn it around for good in their favor because that's the kind of God you are.
You're not up there going, "Well, you know, the devil did it, so I guess they got to live with it.
" No, you're a redeemer of the time.
You're a rebuker of the devourer.
Father, you said that you would bring back whatever the cankerworm ate.
Father, you're going to give us back double for our trouble.
I'm calling forth abundant blessing over these houses.
If the thief has been found, make him pay back sevenfold what he stole.
I thank you, Lord.
We call back that money in the name of Jesus that everything they put their hands to will prosper in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural finances, supernatural abilities to get wealth.
Father, for creative ideas to get wealth, Father, that they're not meant to be busted and disgusted and barely getting by.
We call forth abundant harvest over everything they have.
I call back, Father, right now, the acceleration of seedtime and harvest over every seed they've sowed into ministries.
We call forth the abundant harvest over their finances in the name of Jesus.
We're calling that in.
We're calling in those finances.
Satan, get your hands off of our money.
This may be your warehouse, but you have to let go of it.
You can't touch our money.
You can't touch our finances.
You have to let it go.
I call in right now the ministering spirits to go, angels of the Lord to go and bring forth our money from the north, the south, the east, the west, calling it to come forth right now in a supernatural seedtime and harvest.
For a seedtime and harvest is accelerating, God.
And I thank you, Lord, that it's not having to wait for years and years and years for the manifestation.
But God, I thank you for the harvesters and the sowers are going hand in hand.
And it's time to believe God for big.
So, Father, we believe for the big today.
We believe for the overflow, God.
You're an overflow God.
Father, we're not just going, "Well, you know, we just got enough to get to next payday.
" No, there's more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel throughout the whole world in the name of Jesus.
For he said, "When we do this, the end will come as a witness.
We got to go and tell them.
And when they hear it, then the end comes.
" And North Korea must be reached.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're removing the tyrant Kim Jong-un.
You're removing his sister.
You told me you would.
And I call them removed.
I call these people removed.
And I say North Korea will have a move of God in Jesus' name.
South Korea will have a move of God.
All Venezuela will have a move of God in Jesus' name.
Every place that has not been able to receive the gospel freely, we call forth over China, over these areas, we call a mighty rushing wind and a fire of the Holy Spirit within in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, that it's not hard.
It's done.
We call it done.
We call revival all over the world that this will be the greatest time of harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
We call the unsaved loved ones saved.
We call the blinders to come off their eyes.
That it's time for the unsaved to get saved.
Father, that you're giving us one last call.
We call restoration of marriages.
Father, every marriage that is broken from divorce and hardship.
Father, I thank you, Lord, there's peace in those families.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're mending homes back together, and you're restoring what the cankerworm ate.
I call peace over wives, peace over husbands, that they get along.
I thank you, Lord, that they would find Jesus.
That there would be a stirring in their spirit to go to church together, to pray together, to read the word together, to fellowship together.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they rekindle that old flame.
They get stirred back up and they say, "Man, I remember what I fell in love with in the first place.
" The lies of the enemy, the blinders of the eyes, the grass isn't greener on the other side.
There's no...
you have eighty and you leave for the twenty thinking, well, the grass is greener.
The grass ain't greener.
Be thankful for what you have and what God's blessed you with.
And restore it, fix it, make it work.
I know that Diana and I are both agreeing right now.
Yes, we're both agreeing that marriages are coming back together.
Yes, people are having babies.
People are restoring in their marriages.
Things are happening.
I see a tragic loss when I just said that from a child, and it's caused the marriage to just split like that.
There's great pain on this woman.
God's mending your heart, lady, right now.
You lost your child and it caused this whole tragic event that's happened with you losing your child.
You and your husband separated because of it.
It just drove you all apart because of what the devil...
this tragic event.
But God is restoring what the cankerworm ate, and he's turning beauty from ashes.
I see this woman and she's crying and she's been so broken because of losing the child.
This was a very tragic accident.
There's been times you say, "Did God never hear me when I pray?
I'm hurting so bad.
" You've even thought about taking your own life.
Father, I thank you that you're ministering to this woman right now in the name of Jesus.
You're flooding her heart with peace that passes all understanding.
And everything the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn it around for good today.
And this will turn into the greatest testimony that we could ever hope or imagine—a tragic situation.
Holy Spirit, flood that house.
Flood the car.
Flood these places.
Oh, the glory.
Thank you, Father.
We take that spirit of grief and we tell you to cease and to desist and your maneuvering against them now.
You foul devil from hell, you bow your knee and you leave them alone right now in Jesus' name.
You spirit of grief, you stop it.
Anoint your house with oil.
This is a familiar spirit that's tormenting you.
This is not the child.
You need to know this.
This is not a child that's there trying to talk to you and communicate.
This is a familiar spirit that's demonic and it's trying to bother you and torment you to make you go nuts.
Do you understand?
Do not listen to this.
It's trying to attack your mind.
I hear the spirit of the Lord warn me to tell you this.
Anoint your house with oil and tell it to go.
You say, "Well, I like it because it makes me feel like I'm still near to the child.
" No, no.
This is demonic.
The Bible says to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
The Lord said there's more than one.
There's more than one.
There's more than one, ladies and gentlemen.
There's more than one person that I'm talking to right now.
The Lord said, "Don't put a finger to this child.
It's more than one, so there's multiple people that this has happened to.
Very tragic, but specifically to this lady.
Do not listen to that.
Anoint your house with oil and tell that spirit to go, you understand?
Thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for the restoration on these houses today.
We thank you, Father, that joy comes in the morning in the name of Jesus.
We receive it.
Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord.
Call healing, wholeness, and wellness over your bodies today.
Deliverance!
He came to set the captives free.
Oh, it's like I see a woman.
She has blonde hair, and her hair is pulled back like this, down her back.
I see this blonde woman—it's like sandy brown, not straight, just blonde like bleach.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord, for the Lord is good, and his mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, oh God.
Thank you, Lord, for your delivering hand over our households and that everything is going to be all right.
As for the household of faith, everything is going to be all right.
Do you believe that today?
Yes.
Well, I pray this video blessed you today.
Thank you for joining me and praying with us.
It's a blessing, it truly is.
I wanted to encourage you today, fanning that flame.
I know it was probably a shorter video today, but some are shorter and some are longer, and it is what it is.
I just flow.
So, I pray this video blessed you.
Please subscribe.
If you haven't subscribed, click the subscribe button.
It doesn't take but a couple of seconds—blink!
Don't click it and click out of it, saying you don't want to subscribe anymore.
Please subscribe; let's grow to a million.
When we get to a million, it's going to be super cool—that's what I'm believing for.
To me, it's just believing God.
The Lord told me to do it, so I'm doing it.
I said, 'Lord, let's believe for a million.
' He said, 'Believe for a million—a million men and women prayer army.
' Because, Brandon, you can do much damage to the kingdom of darkness through prayer.
Many hands make light work.
Well, so we just want to say thank you for joining us today.
If you could do me a favor—Diana and I, we're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for the likes, thank you for all the comments, the nice ones, the good emails, not the bad ones.
And thank you for subscribing.
Please subscribe, click the notification bell, click the like button, do all the things that help us get up in the algorithm and get the million men and women prayer army.
We're believing for a major prayer army in these last days.
Today's video was to encourage you that good days are ahead for the body.
I hope it fanned that flame, you know, telling you, 'Hey, Brandon, both sides of the coin, praise God.
' And to all the fathers, we say happy Father's Day—belated Father's Day.
She wasn't here yesterday, so I say belated Father's Day.
It's a blessing, huh?
Yeah.
A lot of good men out there are fighting for the country, doing things, and it's amazing.
We've got a lot of good people on this channel who pray with us, and we're so thankful.
I'm sorry if I came across cranky yesterday.
I felt like I owe you that.
I come across with urgency, but at the same time, I even asked my son, 'Am I cranky?
' He said, 'Yeah, sometimes.
' I said, 'Okay.
' Maybe I was, because he knows me.
I'm just like, 'You were pretty cranky.
' I'm like, 'But in my heart, I felt I was, and I always want to come across in love, saying things in love, not being cranky.
I don't want to be like an old man.
' Well, I don't think you sounded cranky.
I just think that you're just passionate for Jesus.
Thanks, man.
The time is now.
It's the end times.
He's coming.
Yep.
It's an urgency inside of me.
So, God bless you all.
Thank you for joining us today.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.